This project contains version-synced submodules pointing to most of the other MW project repositories.  If you need/want to checkout (more-or-less) all of the code all at once, this is a good place to start.  This is also where we are currently tagging versions, such that if you have an installer called "MWInstaller_0.4.4rc4.pkg.zip", the code that created it can be found by cloning this repository and checking out the 0.4.4rc4 tag.  (Currently this association is made manually; eventually we'll want to rig it so that it is automatic).

The one exception to this repository as a "one stop shop" for all of mw is the mw\_supporting repository, which is large and unwieldy, and which changes only _very_ slowly.  Everything that is built by this supporting repository can be installed by any recent MW installer, by choosing "Customize" and ensure that the developer packages will be installed.  

More generally, it should be noted that using or developing for MW does *not* require you to compile all of the code yourself.  Generally, if you're building a plugin, it is sufficient to just _install_ MW.  It may also be useful to clone mw\_core, or browse it online on github, for reference, but you do not generally want to be building this, or any other, external project unless you intend to make changes in it (in which case, you should probably fork the repository, and touch base with cox@rowland.harvard.edu to coordinate your efforts and to make sure what you're trying to do hasn't already been done / isn't already in planning / couldn't be done some other existing way).
